STEP 1: First, we have to create the "n" integer that stands for the number of disks.
STEP 2: Now, create three stacks for auxiliary, destination, and source and create three variables "s" as A, B, and C.
STEP 3: After that, check if the number of disk mod 2 is zero and storing "d" in the temporary variable.
STEP 4: Now update "d" as "a" then "a" as a temporary variable.
STEP 5: After updating the variable, create the variable for the number of moves, then update it as the "(n*n) -1."
STEP 6: Now, we have to transverse from "n" to one then provide the current value in a source stack.
STEP 7: After that, we have to transverse from 1 to a total number of moves then check that the current index mod 3 is one.
STEP 8: Now, pop the top through the destination and source stack.
STEP 9: In case the popped top of a source stack is the same as "INT_MIN", then we have to push the popped top of the destination to the source stack.
STEP 10: In case the popped top of a destination stack is the same as "INT_MIN",then we have to push the popped top of the source to the destination stack.
STEP 11: In case the popped top of a source stack is more than the popped top of the 
         destination stack, then we have to push the tops in the source stack, or else we can
         push both in the destination stack. After performing it, we have to print the traversal.
STEP 12: Now, check that the current index mod 3 is two, and we have to pop the top from the source, then the auxiliary stack.
STEP 13: In case the popped top of the source stack is the same as "INT_MIN", then we have to push the popped top of the auxiliary to the source stack.
STEP 14: In case the auxiliary stack's popped top is the same as "INT_MIN" then we have to push a popped top of the source to the auxiliary stack.
STEP 15: In case the popped top of a source stack is more than the popped top of the
         auxiliary stack, then we have to push the tops in the source stack, or else we can push
         both auxiliary stacks. After performing it, we have to print the traversal.
STEP 16: Now, check that the current index mod 3 is zero, and we have to pop the top from auxiliary, then the destination stack.
STEP 17: In case the popped top of the source stack is the same as "INT_MIN", then
         we have to push the popped top of the destination to the auxiliary stack.
STEP 18: In case the destination stack's popped top is the same as "INT_MIN", then we have to push a popped top of the auxiliary to the destination stack.
STEP 19: In case the popped top of the auxiliary stack is more than the popped top of
         the destination stack, then we have to push the tops in the auxiliary stack, or we can
         push both the destination stack. After performing it, we have to print the traversal.
